Add scroll-button property to Touchpad, Mouse, and Trackpoint (#736)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Input.md

- `accel-speed`: pointer acceleration speed, valid values are from `-1.0` to `1.0` where the default is `0.0`.
- `accel-profile`: can be `adaptive` (the default) or `flat` (disables pointer acceleration).
- `scroll-method`: when to generate scroll events instead of pointer motion events, can be `no-scroll`, `two-finger`, `edge`, or `on-button-down`.

> - `scroll-button`: the button key (numerical form) used for the `on-button-down` scroll method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `scroll-button`: the button code (numerical form) used for the `on-button-down` scroll method. You can find it in `libinput debug-events`.
```
